Deprecate create_expand_fn (#8941)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

> * The ``qml.transforms.create_expand_fn`` is deprecated in PennyLane v0.45 and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``qml.transforms.create_expand_fn`` is deprecated in PennyLane v0.45 and will be removed in v0.46.
```
